Self driving Car using Javascript, Neural Networks and Zero ML Library.


Description :
    In this Project, I create and make the car model to learn how to drive in a traffic. 
    *   I seperated my projects into five parameters
        


1) About car and it's physics..

*   I have done car Model using (2d context) designed two types of cars which is differentiated by F.R.I.D.A.Y and human for Neural process.
*   I created a class to set the width, height and the position of car in the road and setting up the maxspeed with friction which make it as realtime car driving.
*   In the first version, i created a control class to control the car and see how it works.
*   It works fine. 
*   I created a polygon by setting the width and heightof the car using (hypot) and car should move like in realtime so for the angle, we are using (atan2) method.

2) About road generations

*   I created a road class, setting the parameters for length and road lanes for the road.
*   But in our project, i created an infinity road.
*   To set the borders and road lanes for the road,  i used Linear interpolation method.

LINEAR INTERPOLATION is a form of interpolation, which involves the generation of new values based on an existing set of values
    Explanation:
        Linear interpolation is achieved by geometrically rendering a straight line between two adjacent points on a graph or plane. All points on the line other than the original two can be considered interpolated values.
    I set lerp as Linear Interpolation,
        a + (b - a)*t
*   I'm setting my car in the middle of the road, I created laneCenter. 
*   I seeting up the borders to sense it by the sensors in the car model.
3) About Sensors
*   I'm setting sensors to sense the  border and other objects by using setting up the ray sensor.
*   We have Created the Artificial sensor and detect the border  using Segment Intersection method.

SEGMENT INTERSECTION METHOD:
    Segment Intersection is nothing but a Line to Line Intersection.
    *   Two or more lines are getting intersected to get an offset which is the intersection point.
    Line 1 : (x1,y1)-(x2,y2)
    Line 2 : (x3,y3)-(x4,y4)
    Offset : (x,y)


*   lerp and SIM are in extras.js to look like a fine presentation.

4) About Collisions

Now we have done upto artificial sensor in our car model.
it's time for collision detection..
We are going to make traffic to make this scenario realtime..
small traffic has been created and let's make it to interact with car model Sensors
Now the car gets damage if it contact with any objects.
We have successfully created a mini traffic an damage collision using polyIntersection and Segment Intersection Method
polyIntersection Method : 
    Same as Segment Intersection 

5) About Neural Networks 

Artificial Neural Networks...
    what is Neural Networks?
        Neural Networks are computing system inspried by the biological neural Networks in our brain.
        It will work just like how our neurons and axons do.
    Neural Networks has three layers
    1 : Input Layer
            This is where we put our input values
    2 : Hidden Layer
            why we say this hidden because it may contains more than one layers to process our input.
    3 : Output Layer
            After the process done in hidden layer, we finally get our output from this layer.
    We are setting biased and weight values between -1 to 1 because if front sensor detects a car, it should turn to avoid collision. but, it doesn't know which direction it needs to go if it has border on right side so it need to take the left. 
    
